Update `kedro catalog list` command to account for dataset factories (#2793)
kedro-org/kedro: RELEASE.md

* Activated all built-in resolvers by default for `OmegaConfigLoader` except for `oc.env`.

## Bug fixes and other changes

> * Updated `kedro catalog list` to work with dataset factories.

Reviewer: Nit: I would change this to 
```suggestion
* Updated `kedro catalog list` to show datasets generated with factories.
```
